Where is my God?
What's wrong? Do you have no money?
Not bad. It’s not as much as No. 4.
One hundred, one trillion, one hundred million
What are you talking about? Did your eyes see that right?
That's right, Sizhen. It's the first time I've spent so much money.
Why don’t you believe it? Brother, who? I really don’t believe it.
No, he said he could bear 100 million if he came here
Impossible
Really what's going on
Excuse me
This industry
It's just my change
Do you know what change is?
It's just the money I spent playing
Hey hey hey hey
A bad recruiter
How much money
if i tell you
I was originally a super rich second generation
It’s just Yan Jun
Others’ kindness and sincerity towards me
So I pretended to be poor and went to inspect the trash and only had money left.
Are you pretending to be poor to recruit a bad talent like yours?
It’s because you’ve watched too many movies, right?
Just pretend like this
Look, this looks bigger
Still pretending to be mature
So don't worry
Don’t you still have money?
The caller has been searching for you for a long time.
You buy one too
Three hundred thousand like me
let me see